This is the story of a person named Harold. He has a house that overlooks a sizeable lake, but does not have a boat. He has been searching for the best boat that money can buy, but every time he attempts to buy this boat, a better boat comes along. He can't have an oblolete boat, but he also can't be the only person that lives on the lake without a boat.

So he decides to build the best boat ever. Harold travels the world looking for the best boat-makers to add to his team. After years of searching, he assembles the best boat-making team known to man. After a couple more years of planning, the gang comes up with the plans to make the biggest, baddest, most awesome boat ever. And then tragedy struck, leaving Harold penniless.  But that didn't stop the gang from making the bestest boat ever.They worked tirelessly until the boat came out perfect.

"Wow!!This boat is so cool!"A rich man just came by and noticed Harold's perfect boat."How much is it? I can pay you a billion dollars." The rich man said.

One billion dollars might seem like a lot. But relative to the boat, this was chump change. So the man declined the offer, causing the rich man to storm out in a fit of rage. The rich man hired thieves to steal the boat, but the theives realized that they did not have their boating license during the heist, so they left the boat in the middle of the ocean. It was never seen again. Harold was devastated, until he came across the inspirational biblical tale of Noah's ark. 

The biblical tale had nothing to do with his new idea, but it was a metaphor for how he will work hard on his new idea, to save what he loves. His new idea is to build a plane that will fly over every ocean in hopes to find the glorious boat that was left in the middle of the ocean. He got the gang back together for one last build, and they built a magnificent plane that was on par with the quality of the boat. It took many years, but with the help of the gang on their last ride through the sky, Harold spotted the boat in pristine condition right in the middle of a swimming pool at his neighbor's house.
